Job Title: Full Stack Developer
Company: Barclays

Job Description
Barclays is hiring for the role of Full Stack Engineer!

Responsibilities of the Candidate:

Contribute across the PB Technology function as a member of the CLM team.
Participate in agile ceremonies providing story points and estimates for tasks.
Create APIs and mini-apps based on the SpringBoot/React technology stack.
Create test artefacts using Junit and mocking/stubbing technology.
Work with DevOps and Automation Test Engineers to implement complete CI/CD pipelines.
Ensure that all activities and duties are carried out in full compliance with regulatory requirements, Enterprise Wide Risk Management Framework and internal Barclays Policies and Policy Standards.
Develop and maintain strong relationships with the application support teams to ensure effective delivery of projects into the production environment.
Requirements:

Minimum Qualification – B.E./B. Tech or equivalent
In-depth knowledge and extensive experience of Core Java and J2EE design and development work on large-scale banking applications
Strong web service development experience using REST
Strong understanding of OO Designing and Programming Techniques and associated concepts, Data Modelling, and Design Patterns
In-depth knowledge and extensive experience in Spring, Javascript, JDBC and SQL (preferably Oracle)
Knowledge of UI development with a focus on Angular/React JS, and React Native
Knowledge of modern front-end technologies, including JavaScript (ES6+), HTML5, and CSS3
Good working knowledge and hands-on experience with JBoss and Hibernate
Good logical reasoning, problem-solving and performance-tuning Skills
Good communication skills
Skills that will help you in the role:
Knowledge of Linux or other UNIX-based systems
Knowledge of Cloud deployments, docker and Kubernetes
Good working knowledge and hands-on experience with workflow applications and business rules engines
Exposure to and familiarity with AWS (Amazon Web Services)
Experience in CI/CD pipelines and related tools.
Oracle/NoSQL Database experience