Job Title: Full Stack Developer
Company: Oaza Energy

About the job
Company Description
Oaza Energy is a company based in Pune, India that specializes in simplifying the EV charging experience. Our Oaza Energy Discovery app lists all public and private charging points across India for 2, 3, and 4 wheelers, as well as battery swapping stations. With our app, users can view details and availability of charging points, plan EV journeys, and explore longer routes. We also offer a Charging Station Management system for apartments, hotels, offices, and EV fleet management operators to effectively manage their charging stations.


Job description

 As a Senior Full Stack Developer/Engineering Lead you will be directly reporting to the CTO and Founder, the Senior Full Stack Developer/Engineering Lead will be part of a fun, diverse and dynamic team and will play a crucial role in developing cutting edge solutions that continue to revolutionise the EV Charging industry. The ideal candidate will be responsible for architecting, designing, and developing high-quality applications. They will also be responsible for designing and implementing testable and scalable code.


Roles and Responsibilities
Responsible for architecting and designing applications.
Responsible for Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server-side logic
Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code
Design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, and performant applications
Implementation of security and data protection
Integration of data storage solutions using mongoDB, MySql, etc
100% development front and back-end Programming
Should have experience Microservices , API' Build, Web services


Required Technical and Professional Expertise
Must have overall 1+years of industry experience
Good working experience in JavaScript, typescript, React
Should have Knowledge of Node.js and frameworks express js etc.
Good understanding of server-side templating languages Jade, ejs etc
Good understanding of front-end technologies, such as HTML5, and CSS3
Understanding accessibility and security compliance.
User authentication and authorization between multiple systems, servers, and environments
Integration of multiple data sources and databases into one system
Understanding fundamental design principles behind a scalable application
Understanding differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs. desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform
Creating database schemas that represent and support business processes
Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git


This is an office-based role out of Pune (Hybrid working allowed).
Excellent Salary offerings. based on experience.


Industry
Technology, Information and Internet