Job Title: SDE-1 (Mern Stack)
Company: Onelab Ventures

About the job

Job description
About the job


About the jobAbout the jobPlease Note : We are looking developer who has knowledge on MERN stack also along with ASP.NET , 2023 pass out candidates can apply with 1 year experience. 



About Company :
Onelab Ventures ( Formally Turnkey Tech Solutions ) is a Pune-based B2B firm that helps startups in building tech products. We have been operating from the past 3 years and have served 50+ clients till date for Fintech, Ed-tech, E- commerce, Food delivery and Streaming apps.
We help early stage startups in product development. We help them in building a Minimum Viable Product for their requirements and lead the product to go live in the market to gather early user responses. We help startups to achieve product - market fit by doing Agile development in the product to match users requirements.
Our aim is to provide a hassle-free and comprehensive technology solution to our clients, enabling them to focus on their core business operations while we take care of the technical aspects.


Responsibilities:
Design and develop web applications using modern web technologies, including JavaScript, ReactJS, React Native, NodeJS, Express JS, and MongoDB while maintaining hands-on experience in web and/or mobile development to produce high-quality, functional applications.
Demonstrate excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail in all aspects of development.
Stay up-to-date with emerging technologies and industry trends through continuous learning and research.
Possess strong communication and interpersonal skills.


Technical Skills
Hands-on experience with the MERN stack and proficiency in NodeJS, ExpressJS and ReactJS
Additionally, experience with mobile development using React Native is good to have
Working knowledge of AWS services such as S3, EC2, and Lambda would be considered a plus.


Qualifications
BTech in Computer Science or IT or Master's degree in Computer Science
1+ years of experience is full stack development
Ability to work independently as well as in a team environment