Job Title: Full Stack Developer
Company: Cloudstaff

About the job
Cloudstaff is a leading provider of smarter outsourcing solutions, with its cutting-edge technology, exceptional people practices, superb employee engagement, and unparalleled work-life balance. We have been recognized and awarded twice as one of the Best Companies to Work for in Asia. Cloudstaff is not just another outsourcing provider - we are your true difference maker.


Future-proof your career with Cloudstaff as a Full Stack Developer and open the doorway to unlimited success. Join a family of like-minded individuals who value collaboration, respect, and a healthy work-life integration. Together, we'll create an atmosphere where you can thrive personally and professionally.


13 World-Class Offices Across the Globe
5,000+ Amazingly Talented Cloudstaffers
4.6 ★ Overall Feedback Rating on Glassdoor


Work Setup:

Work From Home
India-Based
Mid shift, Night shift


Responsibilities:

Work with development teams and product managers to ideate software solutions
Design client-side and server-side architecture
Build the front-end of applications through appealing visual design
Develop and manage well-functioning databases and applications
Write effective APIs


Qualifications:

Proven experience as a Full Stack Developer or similar role
Experience developing desktop and mobile applications
Familiarity with common stacks
Knowledge of multiple front-end languages and libraries (e.g. HTML/ CSS, JavaScript, XML, jQuery)
Knowledge of multiple back-end languages (e.g. .NET, C#, Java, Python) and JavaScript frameworks (e.g React, Node.js)
Familiarity with databases (e.g. MySQL, MongoDB), web servers (e.g. Apache) and UI/UX design principles


About Cloudstaff

Cloudstaff was established in 2005 by Australian internet pioneer, Mr. Lloyd Ernst. The company currently has over 4,000 employees headquartered in the Philippines with a leadership team that consists of both Western and Filipino executives. We help companies be more competitive through smarter outsourcing.


Why will you love working with Cloudstaff?

Cloudstaff is committed to building the #1 Workplace Everywhere, and this is what makes us unique in the outsourcing industry. We take the time to understand what our people need and what it takes to maintain a productive and happy work environment. Everything we do is aimed at providing our staff with a work culture that they can look forward to every single day. From staff engagement initiatives to meaningful perks, we ensure that we do the best we can and that we do it better every time. We take pride in our awesome workforce and we deliberately support their personal and professional development with our specialized training programs and mentoring. Being #1 is not about us, it’s all about our people, it’s all about you!


Send your application today! We can’t wait to speak with you.