Job Title: Full Stack Web Developer - Python(Flask) with React/NodeJS
Company: Dendrite.ai

About the job
We're looking for incredible Python developers for various roles open to people with 0-4+ years of experience interested in working with a US startup. If you are genuinely passionate about designing and building machine learning solutions using Python, you’re looking for a job where you can work from anywhere- and we mean anywhere and are excited about gaining experience in a Startup, then this is the position for you. Parents from all walks of life must choose between their careers and providing child care for their families. We want to change that by focusing on flexible hours, remote access, and creating a work/life balance. We take pride in making the ideal work environment for parents and those seeking a flexible lifestyle. Be it your next vacation spot or a farm out in the country; you can work remotely from your chosen location if you have working internet. No long commutes or rushing to in-person meetings. Ready to work hard and play harder? Let’s work together.

[Note: As part of the application process, candidates must complete the pre-screening behavioral assessment form. Without it, we will not consider candidates for this position.]

Requirements

 Bachelors or Masters in Statistics/Math, Computer Science, Finance/Economics, Computer Engineering, or related quantitative fields (Ph.D. candidates encouraged to apply) 
 Proficient in Python Web Development – Flask 
 Proficient/knowledgeable in React/NodeJS Web Development 
 Knowledge of SQL, Unix, Docker, Git, and relational Databases 
 Strong analytical, design, problem-solving, and troubleshooting/debugging skills 
 Strong knowledge of Authentication/Authorization/Payment gateway and deploying apps to production is required 
 Needs to have strong experience in DevOps and deployment pipelines to deploy software to servers (On-premise hosting and Azure) 
 Experience in Analytics/Machine Learning projects - understand or pick up how SkLearn/spark libraries and other machine learning packages operate in web servers 
 Should have knowledge of software design patterns and software engineering best practices 
 Ability to work independently in a home office and doesn’t need hand holding 

What You’ll Do, But Not Limited To:

 Write Python code focused on scalability, supportability, and maintainability 
 Software development, configuration, and customization 
 Guide, mentor and manage the junior team members and interns 
 Diagnosing and resolving issues in production 
 Enhancing and developing all aspects of the company’s technology suite by collaborating with development teams to determine application requirements 
 Assessing and prioritizing client feature requests 

Who You Are:

 Reliable, Independent, and able to wear multiple hats 
 Honest - we hold transparency with high regard 
 Team Player - likes collaborating and working as a team 
 Communicative - can effectively translate goals to other team members 
 Self-Starter - able to take ownership of projects and identify what needs to be done 
 Builder - You are passionate about delivering better products/experiences to our customers and have a deep sense of ownership for your work 
 Experimental - You love trying new things, new tools, techniques and approaches even if you fail sometimes 

Nice To Have:

 Pursuing/Completed MS/Ph.D. in Computing, Physics, or other STEM fields 
 Intellectually curious and eager to learn about Analytics/Machine Learning 
 Prior experience in Financial Services is a plus 

BenefitsYou’ll Love:

 Salary ₹2,50,000 - ₹7,00,000 a year 
 Remote First Company- 100% remote to work with your schedule 
 Flexible Hours 
 Competitive Salary 
 Growth Potential - working with a company slated for extreme growth over the next few years 
 Exceptional Leadership - the opportunity to work with some of the leading minds in finance, statistics (machine learning) and econometrics 

Note:

 Zero-tolerance policy for plagiarism on the screening test 
 Please only submit your assignment via a GitHub link; any other forms of submission will be auto-rejected 
 Preference will be given to candidates from top schools at Pune University, Mumbai University, NIT, IISER, TIFR, IIT, ISI or top schools in USA/UK 
 Please do not send LinkedIn Requests to Connect!